feat(blueprints): consolidate single-node into full-multi-node-cluster with Arc machine support (#581)
microsoft/edge-ai: blueprints/full-single-node-cluster/README.md

## Bicep Migration

No Bicep parameters were removed or renamed. Adjusting your `.bicepparam` for the unified blueprint:

* `adminPassword` is now nullable (`string?`) but remains required for the VM deployment path, so keep supplying it.
* Nine new parameters are available: `arcMachineCount`, `arcMachineName`, `arcMachineNamePrefix`, `arcMachineResourceGroupName`, `clusterServerHostMachineUsername`, `clusterServerIp`, `hostMachineCount`, `serverToken`, and `shouldUseArcMachines`.
* `@minValue(1)` was added to `hostMachineCount` and `arcMachineCount`.
* `serverToken` is only needed when `hostMachineCount > 1`.

All new parameters default to single-node VM behavior, so a migrating Bicep user reproduces the prior topology without adopting any of them.

## Output Set

> The unified Terraform blueprint trimmed roughly 10 outputs that existed in the previous single-node blueprint. If your automation consumed any of those outputs, review the unified blueprint's [outputs.tf](../full-multi-node-cluster/terraform/outputs.tf) and update references to the current output names before migrating.

Reviewer: Minor wording: "roughly 10 outputs" / "update references to the current output names" is vague and implies a rename — they were removed, not renamed. Enumerating them (and linking to the new breaking-changes section) makes the migration actionable.

```suggestion
The unified Terraform blueprint does not currently expose the following 10 outputs that the previous single-node blueprint did: `kubernetes`, `function_app`, `azureml_workspace`, `azureml_compute_cluster`, `azureml_extension`, `azureml_inference_cluster`, `vpn_gateway`, `vpn_gateway_public_ip`, `vpn_client_connection_info`, and `private_resolver_dns_ip`. The underlying modules still exist in the unified blueprint, so these outputs can be re-added if your automation consumes them — see the unified blueprint's [outputs.tf](../full-multi-node-cluster/terraform/outputs.tf). The single-node defaults are unchanged for single-node migrators; for the impact on existing multi-node deployments, see [Migration Notes for Existing Multi-node Deployments](../full-multi-node-cluster/README.md#migration-notes-for-existing-multi-node-deployments).
```
